# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.ApplicationsApplication

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApplicationId** | **int** | Unique ID assigned to the application | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | Name of the application | [optional] 
**RedirectUrl** | **string** | URL used to pass the user&#39;s authorization code to the application | [optional] 
**Link** | **string** | Link to website for the application where a user can learn more about the app. | [optional] 
**Scope** | **long** | Permissions the application needs to work | [optional] 
**Origin** | **string** | Value of the Origin header sent in requests generated by this application. | [optional] 
**Status** | **int** | Current status of the application. | [optional] 
**CreationDate** | **DateTime** | Date the application was first added to our database. | [optional] 
**StatusChanged** | **DateTime** | Date the application status last changed. | [optional] 
**FirstPublished** | **DateTime** | Date the first time the application status entered the &#39;Public&#39; status. | [optional] 
**Team** | [**List&lt;ApplicationsApplicationDeveloper&gt;**](ApplicationsApplicationDeveloper.md) | List of team members who manage this application on Bungie.net. Will always consist of at least the application owner. | [optional] 
**OverrideAuthorizeViewName** | **string** | An optional override for the Authorize view name. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

